The presidential elections
are officially less
than a year away,
which means the candidates
are going to be hitting the road
harder than ever.
So we thought
wouldn't it be cool
if The Daily Show hit the road
harder than ever?
And who better to hit the road
than a man
with no fixed address?
That's right, Jordan Klepper
is back on the show,
and he's here
to finger the pulse.
KLEPPER: Four years ago,
I hit the streets
to get the unfiltered truth
from America's
most engaged voters.
Trump that bitch!
(laughs) We don't even see
the irony in it.
Now we're heading
into an historic election,
and I'm excited
to get out into America
and embed myself in the middle
of the campaign trail.
First stop: rain-soaked
Hershey, Pennsylvania.
But even Mother Nature
couldn't dampen our spirits.
It's eight hours
before Donald Trump arrives.
It's raining,
and there are people here.
How's it going? Good to see you.
Good to see you again.
Guys excited?
Absolutely.
Be here for Congress 2020, baby!
You're running for Congress?
(laughs)
I bet you are. Good luck!
Anybody can do it.
Lot of familiar faces.
Doris. Carol.
Nice to be out there
amongst my people once more.
-(whoops)
-How's it going, guys?
(Klepper laughs)
Here we go again.
♪ ♪
(heart beats)
KLEPPER:
Since my last Trump rally,
there have been
roughly 37 Marvel movies
and one very combative
impeachment trial.
But what else has changed?
So, what's new this season?
Um, everything, honestly.
We got this, uh,
Baby Yoda shirt.
"Great America keep."
Oh, I get it.
It sounds like something
Donald Trump would say.
-Or Yoda. I suppose they have
very similar syntax. -Right.
We're not all great speakers.
Do you have any
"Trump that bitch"?
-You don't have "Trump that..."
No. -We don't got that.
Anything
that's at all aimed at women?
Not for women. At women.
-What are you hoping
for tonight? -I'm hoping
Donald Trump
is just in a good...
We're in a good place
of mind right now.
I hope he talks
about immigration.
-So you're hoping for a "build
a wall"? -I'm hoping for a wall.
Uh-huh. Who's gonna pay for it?
Who's gonna pay for it? I say...
That's what
we're gonna find out about.
It's either gonna be
taxpayer money...
Oh, so maybe that's the chant.
"Who's gonna pay for it?"
-"That's what we're gonna
find out about." -Yep.
-Then why are you here?
-Well, because two weeks ago,
I had a dream,
and in that dream,
I was given this vision.
(laughs)
This... You-you had...
You had a screen printing dream?
Your dream told you
that Trump is gonna win
and then Ivanka
and then Don Jr. and Eric.
Tiffany is going to win in 2048,
and then Barron.
Great.
-All right. -All right,
but Barron only serves one term.
Oh, no, two terms.
KLEPPER:
No, that's only one term.
That's four years. Yeah.
Actually, these are mostly
one-term presidents.
No, you're not reading it right,
brother.
No, I'm...
Look, 20... No, this...
-'24 to '28. That's four years.
-And then...
-And then another four.
-No, no, no, that's...
-These are one-term presidents.
-No.
Ivanka, one term.
Don Jr., one term.
-Ivanka is 2024.
-And?
-2028.
-That's eight years.
-That's four years!
-No.
You even have
a four-year period in here
where somebody else
gets elected.
-No. -It doesn't say anything
about reelected.
It does!
It has her getting elected
in 2024 and 2028.
-Your math is wrong.
-No, my math is not wrong.
KLEPPER:
Of course, these rallies
aren't just
about spirited debate.
It's also an opportunity
for Trump supporters
to clarify their messaging.
One word descriptor. Joe Biden.
Dickless.
-Elizabeth Warren.
-Elizabeth Warren?
Scummy.
Bernie Sanders.
Bolshevik.
(chuckles)
Pete Buttigieg.
(laughs)
That's just a joke.
Well, what-what's
the punch line?
Ooh, man.
Trying to be politically correct
here, but, you know...
So, when I said "Buttigieg,"
I thought the word
you were gonna pick was "vet."
Mm, eh.
-Pete Buttigieg.
-Pete Buttigieg?
-Pete Butt.
-Pete Butt?
-Yeah, Pete Butt... I can't...
-That's two words and...
I can't say the whole thing
on camera.
What's the whole thing?
Pete Buttplug.
Oh, it's homophobic.
That's why you can't say it.
Homophobia aside,
there was one big, new thing
hanging over this rally:
the impeachment.
What do you think
about this impeachment?
-Does it...
-Bullshit.
-Why is it bullshit?
Why?
'Cause he didn't do anything.
It's bullshit. It's bullshit.
It's total bullshit.
It's total nonsense.
KLEPPER: And Trump has been
grooming his supporters
to push back
on any impeachment talk
with this simple demand.
All you have to do
is read the transcript.
Read the transcript.
It's all about the transcript.
Read the transcript. Right.
-You got to read it.
-Have you read the transcript?
I have not read it.
-But we should read
the transcript. -We should.
-Look at the transcript, right?
-Yeah, look at the transcript.
-Have you read the transcript?
-Uh...
Read the transcript, right?
-Yeah. Abs-Absolutely.
-Yeah.
-You got to.
-Did you read the transcript?
I-I, I mean, I...
I've read most of it,
but there's nothing...
-Skim the transcript.
-Yeah.
I don't have time for, you know,
reading all the, you know,
impeachment.
All that bullshit, you know?
But, uh...
How long have you been waiting
out here for Donald Trump?
-Since 8:00.
-Hours.
-A lot of free time.
-Absolutely.
-Read the transcript.
-Yeah.
-Did you read the transcript?
I don't have to.
(laughs)
Everyone else has.
-I can read it if I need to,
but... -Right, yeah.
But it's important that
everybody reads the transcript.
It is. Very important.
Pay attention
and think for yourself.
Yes. You have...
But to be clear,
-you have not read
the transcript. -I haven't, no.
-Right. But it is
just important. -Right.
-Yeah. Don't be a sheep.
-Yeah.
Think for yourself.
But, again,
just to be very clear,
-you have not read it.
-Yeah. I have not read it.
-You just trusted somebody else
who has. -Correct.
-Yeah. -Exactly. What were you
saying about don't be a sheep.
Don't... Sheep.
Think for yourself.
-Do your own research.
-Yeah.
-KLEPPER: Right.
Right. Don't be a sheep.
It was a message these people,
who were being herded
through gates
and corralled into pens
to then be guarded over
by men on horses,
knew all too well.
These totally not sheep
are ready
for 11 more months of this,
whatever this is.
And so am I.
Campaign 2020,
here we go again.
(cheering and applause)
Jordan Klepper, everyone.
And if you liked that,
good news,
Jordan Klepper
is gonna be back on the show
and he's gonna be
on the campaign trail
for the next 11 months
or until Trump cancels
the election--
whichever comes first.